# SVG to TSX Converter
Tool created by **Corentin Sakwinski (WilfreGD)**, made with .NET 6.0

Use it to convert *.svg* images into ready-to-use *.tsx* objects. This allows icons to be converted for easier use into React. Feel free to edit this tool to fit your needs. But keep in mind that it was created for my **personal** use (hence why I kept it very simple), which means it might require your own implementation of a component. It was made for icons and was **NOT** tested with other types of svgs.

The *.svg* files are parsed through the converter and each attribute is stored in an object. This object can then be used to work with the default svg values (or overridden) using your own implementation of a React component.

There is also a *template.tsx* file in the "config" folder. It is used by the converter as a base for the final *.tsx* file.

## Usage

- Put your *.svg* files in the "input" folder.
- Run the SvgTsxConverter file.
- After the conversion is done, each *.tsx* file will be found in the "output" folder.
- The converter also generates a *[timestamp]_index.js* file. It contains imports and exports for the new components and is useful for a quick copy-paste if you wish to create a folder with an index.js file.

The final objects generated by the convertor contain all of the attributes defined by the original *.svg*, and a "content" value which holds all of the text found in between the two *<svg>* tags. This is what will be used to draw the icon when implemented into React.

## Bonus
There is a *"sample"* folder containing two *.svg* files (from [Tabler Icons](https://tabler-icons.io/)) to try out the converter, and a *.tsx* file which is my own basic implementation of a simple icon component, called *"SvgIcon"*. 

If you wish to use my *SvgIcon* component, you will need the [html-react-parser](https://www.npmjs.com/package/html-react-parser) module as it allows text to be used as HTML, which is disabled by default for security reasons.

## License

MIT (see the LICENSE file)